The first machine learning algorithm we have to consider these so-called linear regression.
This is the basic machine learning algorithm.
OK so it is an approach for modeling the relationship between scalar dependent variable y and a one
or more explanatory variables x.
That's why this X is a vector as you can see for simple in your regression.
This is just a single variable.
So there's a single explanatory variable x.
So for example we want to approximate the prices of a given house if we know the size of their given
house.
Multi-billions regression means that we have several explanatory variables.
So this X is a vector indeed in the sense that there are several features.
OK so for example we have these house prices cxxviii file.
And if we take a look at the headers there are lots of lots of features we are going to approximate
that price.
So it is the Y variable is the dependent variable but there are lots of lots of explanitory varietals
such as the number of bedrooms number of bathrooms square feet of the living room.
OK the number of floors it degrade the square foot above and so on.
So there may be lots of lots of features that we can consider.
So these features are these X explanitory variables.
If we just deal with a simple variable it is called simple regression such as we just care about the
size of the given house or we can deal with multiple linear regression problem if we consider several
features.
The number of bedrooms the number of bathrooms the size of the house and so on.
So there are going to be more variables to consider.
And of course we want to approximate the price of the house if we know despairing meters.
So the size of the House the number of rooms such as the number of bathrooms the number of living rooms
and so on and of course because we use linear predictor function.
Thats why it is called linear regression.
So we are after a linear relationship between two features.
Okay so linear regression is a machine learning algorithm and every single machine learning or artificial
intelligence related algorithm need a data set.
So thats why we will have these C-s we file with all the relevant information such as the number of
bedrooms the number of bathrooms the square feet of the living room the number of floors the price of
that given house because we have of this data set.
We are able to train a given model such as linear regression in order to find a relationship between
the features.
OK so this is the data that we are going to use year in implementation and if we use just a single variable.
So if we are dealing with simple in the array direction we just have a single explanatory variable.
For example the size of the house and we have a single dependent variable.
We would like to approximate such as the price of the house.
And we are able to create a two dimensional plot like this.
Of course theres some linear relationship between these features because the bigger the size of the
house the higher the price.
Of course there must be some linear dependence.
OK so what's the aim of linear regression.
We want to find some linear relationship between the features and if you are familiar with higher mathematics
a linear relationship can be expressed with this formula.
So X is the independent variable we use to make predictions in this case this X is the size of the house
this age X is the dependent variable.
This is what we are trying to predict or estimate with the apple of the linear regression model.
So in this case these age X is the price of the house.
So X is the size age X is the price and we would like to come up with a linear relationship between
these two variables.
And of course we need some parameters between zero and to be warm.
Okay so this equation is the equation of a linear line like this for example.
So we build a model based on the data set.
It is a linear model.
So the result is a linear line.
And this equation describes a linear line there between 0 and beat one.
Who will define the location of that given green line.
OK so the model defines the relationship between the variables.
In this case between X and age x.
So this equation is going to define the relationship between the size of the House and the price of
the house.
OK.
And after the training procedure so after we have this linear line we are able to make further predictions
because if we want to calculate that what can be the price of a house the size.
For example 90 square meters.
What do we have to do.
We just have to use this linear line in order to find the value associated with it the size 90.
It is something like this.
So it is going to have a value.
Four hundred and eighty dollars.
Of course it is just a simple example.
These values have nothing to do with real sizes and prizes.
But this is how linear regression works.
OK so what does it mean exactly that if we have a new X features such as a new house size we can get
this age X price of the house we the half of this linear model.
So this green line.
OK so the big picture is that we have a huge data set because all machine learning algorithms needs
one.
OK.
So this is the data set we are going to consider in the given implementation.
We are going to deal with simple near regression.
So we have the price of the house and we have the size of the house and we would like to find a linear
relationship between these features.
So as you can see there are lots of lots of data samples within this dataset.
So we are going to consider this dataset.
OK then we are going to train the algorithm which means finding the linear relationship between the
Ajax and the ACSM arrival as basically we would like to find a pair leaders such as this be 0 and a
better one in order to define the relationship between x and Ajax.
We are able to find these between and the beat 0 parameters with the help of optimization algorithms.
This is what we are going to talk about in the next lecture and after the training procedure we have
to be there I'll use that which means that we can make predictions with the hop of the model.
So for new data points.
OK so we have a data set.
We have to train the algorithm which means that for linear regression we have defined these the parameters
we are looking for a linear relationship.
That's why we are looking for a linear line in this linear equation.
We have to use some optimization methods in order to find these bita 0 and B to 1 parameters.
And why is it good.
Because after all we have this model Ajax is to some beat zero value plus better won't tell you times
x we are able to make new predictions.
So if we have a new house we are able to predict the price of that given house because we have this
linear relationship and we have this linear model.
Okay in the next lecture we are going to talk about the concrete optimization techniques how to find
these Beatty's zero and be the one parameters.
Thanks for watching.